Feat/switch flag (#271)
superfaceai/cli: README.md

  $ superface create:profile starwars/character-information --station
```

> _See code: [dist/commands/create/profile.js](https://github.com/superfaceai/cli/blob/v3.0.1/dist/commands/create/profile.js)_

Reviewer: issue: but we don't commit `dist` folder to git? How could this link possibly work?

Author: This is autogenerated by oclif and I missed the wrong path :|

  --noEmoji               When set to true, disables displaying emoji in output.
  --profileId=<value>     (required) Profile Id in format [scope/](optional)[name]
  --providerName=<value>  (required) Name of the provider. This argument is used to publish a map or a provider.

>   --switch                After publish user will be asked if he wants to switch to remote version of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --switch                After publish user will be asked if they want to switch to remote version of
```

Reviewer: Alternative: After publish ask whether to switch to the remote version of profile/map/provider
